README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

#4 - Add alchemy embedded accounts setup

README.md, after:

Please this [quick start guide](https://alchemotion.notion.site/Alchemy-Account-Kit-UI-Components-Alpha-Quickstart-0805fd3fb8ba4c15bfd88846d4ad53ea?pvs=74) to test out Alchemy Account Kit Alpha UI Components. 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b7a820e7-1927-4bee-8eaa-52ca4af0f87a)

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) template bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, download the template:

```bash
yarn create next-app my-smart-app -e https://github.com/avarobinson/embedded-accounts-ui-components-alpha-quickstart-nextjs
```

### Get you alchemy api key
- Create a new embedded accounts configuration for an alchemy app in your [dashboard](https://dashboard.alchemy.com/accounts)
- Replace the api key in the config.ts file

### Run the app
```bash
yarn dev
```

Follow this [quick start guide](https://alchemotion.notion.site/Alchemy-Account-Kit-UI-Components-Alpha-Quickstart-0805fd3fb8ba4c15bfd88846d4ad53ea?pvs=74) for more details!

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
